Acme UI hook mechanism.

The acme UI hook mechanism is a way to replace pieces of the standard acme UI
with an alternative UI.

The alternative UI is specified in a dynamic link library (DLL). SAMPHOOK.DLL
is an example of hooking the standard acme UI.

The api for the hook DLL is specified in ACMHOOK.H (located in the INC
directory). Look at this file for more details on each API. Each API is
passed a pointer to a single data structure the contains the applicable input
and output data for the UI hook. Each API returns a setup hook return code to
either indicate failure, or indicate the type of action to be taken (based on
the user's input).

The SAMPHOOK directory contains the source code to the sample hook DLL.
SAMPHOOK.MAK is a MSVC 2.0 project file to build the sample hook DLL.

To try the sample, you must add "/Z SAMPHOOK.DLL" (before the /S switch) to
the ACMSETUP.EXE command line. If you are using the acme bootstrapper, you
must modify the SETUP.LST file to to specify this option. You will also need
to include SAMPHOOK.DLL in the list of files copied by the bootstrapper.

To create your own custom hook DLL, start with the sample.  Remove those hook
procedures that you do not require, by removing them from SAMPHOOK.DEF, and
from SAMPHOOK.CPP. If you want the standard acme UI for part of the setup,
then simply remove the hook procedures for those portions of the UI from the
hook DLL. ACMSETUP.EXE will use GetProcAddress to determine which hook
procedures are in the DLL, and for those that do not exist, will perform the
default UI.

Once you have removed the sample hook procedures for which you want the
default UI, modify the code in SAMPHOOK.CPP, and the dialog templates in
SAMPHOOK.RC for those hook procedures you wish to retain. Note that you do not
have to use windows dialogs for the UI, but can use any mechanism that you
wish. If you wish to replace a portion of the acme UI with a hard-wired
response, then implement a hook procedure that simply returns that response,
without performing any ui.

Note that you can give the hook DLL any name you wish. You can use the same
DLL for UI hooks, custom action procedures, and billboards. In this case you
should specify (in the table file) the same DLL name for the custom actions
and billboards that you specify with the /K switch on the ACMSETUP.EXE command
line.
